= feed_us_grabber

== ENVIRONEMNT
	
To be used with Rails 3.x and Ruby 1.9x

== INSTALLATION
	
	Follow these steps to download and install the feed_us_grabber gem

	1. In your rails application, edit your Gemfile to include:
	gem 'feed_us_grabber'
		
	2. Run bundle install from the command line (this will download the feed_us_grabber to your environment)
		
	3. Open config/routes.rb and add following line: 
	match "rails_app/FeedUsGrabber" => "FeedUsGrabber#index"        
	** where rails_app is the root URL to your application.  The match is case sensitive.
		
	4. Update environment.rb and include require 'net/http'

	5. Your installation is complete 

== USAGE 
	1. Add following line to each controller (or app/controllers/application_controller.rb):
			include FeedUsGrabberHelper
			
	2. Add following code inside your controllers actions:
	@grabber = feedUsGrabber(:FeedUsURL => '<FEED.US URL>',:FeedUsCacheInterval => FEED_INTERVAL, :FeedUsCacheIntervalLength => FEED_INTERVAL_LENGTH, :FeedUsCacheGroup => 'FEED CACHE GROUP NAME')

	If you want to use FeedUsGrabber inside action index under controller "test" add following code inside action index of "test" controller

	* Example 1	
	def index
		@grabber = feedUsGrabber(:FeedUsURL => 'http://dev.render.feed.us/Feed.aspx?g=98397b1c-5494-de11-938c-00304891151d',:FeedUsCacheInterval => CI_DAYS, :FeedUsCacheIntervalLength => 2, :FeedUsCacheGroup => 'demo')
	end
				
	* Example 2 The most basic configuration is (Note you will replace the URL listed with the URL of your content from "Export" on Feed.Us):
			
	def index
		@grabber = feedUsGrabber(:FeedUsURL => 'http://dev.render.feed.us/Feed.aspx?g=98397b1c-5494-de11-938c-00304891151d')
	end

	3. Inside the view of the action add the following code to render your content
	<%= feedUsGrabberRender @grabber %>
		
	Example
	index.erb of "test" looks like
	<table>
		<tr>
			<td width='20%'>
				<%= feedUsGrabberRender @grabber %> 	
			</td>
			<td> Some text </td>
		</tr>
	</table>

== CLEARING CACHE
		To clear cache goto following url
			http://rails_app/FeedUsGrabber
		1. Clear a specific cache group
			http://rails_app/FeedUsGrabber?cachecommand=clear&group=demo
												OR

			http://rails_app/FeedUsGrabber?group=demo
		2. Clear entire cache
			http://rails_app/FeedUsGrabber?cachecommand=clearall

== LOCATION OF CACHE
		Cache is maintained under RAILS_ROOT/tmp
		
== LOCATION OF LOG
		Log is maintained under RAILS_ROOT/log/FeedUsGrabber.log

== Contributing to feed_us_grabber
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Cliff G. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

